daily-log/log.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Daily Log - #100DaysOfCode</h1>

## Contents
* [Hello World - My #100DaysOfCode Story](../hello-world.md)
* [Rules](rules.md)
* [README](../README.md)
* [Resources](resources.md)
___


## Day 0: 01 March 22

### Daily Log

- Worked on the React [tic-tac-toe](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html) tutorial to review and build up best practices in markdown. 
  - Key concepts: React components (subclasses, functions), managing state (passing, lifting), dynamically rendering components with functional methods like map.
- Customized #100DaysOfCode resources e.g.(hello world story, tightened up readme, resources, and log).

Next steps:
- Spruce up my GitHub README.md
- Finalize best practices doc
- Review MDN's JS refresher and play with example in node to review

### Journal

Seung was right, the React docs are great. Excited to dive into the TypeScript docs at his recommendation too. Generally, feeling good and looking forward to putting more hours into this challenge. It feels a bit slow to start since I'm parsing through the intro stuff, but that's par for the course - gotta start somewhere!


**Link(s) to work:** ['Hello World' - My #100DaysOfCode Story](https://github.com/alexownejazayeri/100-days-of-code/blob/master/hello-world.md)

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d0](https://twitter.com/alexjazayeri/status/1498935032336973824?s=20&t=fnMCXFMjjcgMvCgOBG2rFQ)

### Daily Commitments
- [x] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [x] update daily log 
- [x] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [x] push work to github
- [x] post to
  - [x] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [x] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [x] engaged with ≥2 challengers
___

## Day 1: 02 March 22

### Daily Log

- Rejigged 100-days-of-code repo for cleanliness; added subdirectories to organize daily logs and project work
- Spruced up my Github README.md based with inspiration from [Thai Braga](https://github.com/Thaiane/Thaiane).
- Solved problems on Edabit
  - Reviewed: Builtin Date object, modular arithmetic, truthiness with !!

Next steps:
- Refactor old FreeCodeCamp React projects
- Complete, review, and revise React 'best practices' log
- Review MDN's JS refresher and play with example in node to review



### Journal

I felt pretty good today, but realized I spent almost all my time "sprucing" and not as much time writing JS & React as intended. If I'm being honest, was torn between whether or not I was bikeshedding or getting valuable experience with markdown. 

Spent most of my time revising the README.md and hello-world.md the last couple days. Even more honesty: I think I'm spending too much time trying to stand out with personality (the marketer in me) to make up for not having enough "good" code and projects.

That said, I feel good about the new repo organization with subdirectories for daily log and projects. Got a bit of JavaScript in on Edabit before wrapping up -- excited to dig into the meaty goals tomorrow now that all the "personality" is in place. The value in doing all this was to take ownership of my story and -- in full open source spirit -- live through this experience as transparently as possible for others who want to learn.

That's enough feelings for now I guess. Tomorrow's a new day!

**Link(s) to work:** 
- [GitHub README.md](https://github.com/alexownejazayeri/100-days-of-code/blob/master/hello-world.md)
- [React Tutorial & Best Practices]()

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d1](https://twitter.com/alexjazayeri/status/1498893834469580800?s=20&t=FzzurS4rB8T2OGRmQ8j8tg)

### Daily Commitments
- [x] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [x] update daily log 
- [x] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [x] push work to github
- [x] post to
  - [x] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [x] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [x] engaged with ≥2 challengers

-- 

## Day 2: 03 March 22

### Daily Log

- Spent time reviewing JS basics i.e.(var, let, const -- scoping, redeclaration, and reassignment)
- Added React 

Next steps:
- Refactor old FreeCodeCamp React projects
- Complete, review, and revise React 'best practices' log
- Review MDN's JS refresher and play with example in node to review

### Journal

Today wasn't as productive as I wanted it to be. Worked an 8-hour shift and had friends visiting from out of town, so minimal time between work and commuting to Oakland to get any coding done. My girlfriend is leaving for a month, so tonight was a short 20-minute sprint to play with var, let, and const via node in my terminal.

Feeling confident about the differences in scope, declaration, and assignment. Going to make up for lost time tonight tomorrow by doubling my time and then it's time to hold steady to the challenge! I really want to grow as quickly as possible to nail down a gig and do what I love for a living. This dream gets more motivating with each day in the challenge -- been having a blast, but maybe that's because I haven't dived in and really struggled with a challenging problem yet.

Note for future days. 

**Link(s) to work:** 
- [Variable Declaration Practice]()

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d1](https://twitter.com/alexjazayeri/status/1498893834469580800?s=20&t=FzzurS4rB8T2OGRmQ8j8tg)

### Daily Commitments
- [ ] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [x] update daily log 
- [x] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [ ] push work to github
- [ ] post to
  - [ ] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [x] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [x] engaged with ≥2 challengers

___

## Day 3: 04 March 22

### Daily Log

- 

Next steps:
- 

### Journal

 

**Link(s) to work:** 
- [React Tutorial & Best Practices](update later)

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d1](https://twitter.com/alexjazayeri/status/1498893834469580800?s=20&t=FzzurS4rB8T2OGRmQ8j8tg)

### Daily Commitments
- [ ] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [ ] update daily log 
- [ ] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [ ] push work to github
- [ ] post to
  - [ ] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [ ] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [ ] engaged with ≥2 challengers

Commit message:

added: variables folder with 'declaration practice' and .md notes

daily-log/log.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Daily Log - #100DaysOfCode</h1>

## Contents
* [Hello World - My #100DaysOfCode Story](../hello-world.md)
* [Rules](rules.md)
* [README](../README.md)
* [Resources](resources.md)
___


## Day 0: 01 March 22

### Daily Log

- Worked on the React [tic-tac-toe](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html) tutorial to review and take note of best practices. 
  - Key concepts: React components (subclasses, functions), managing state (passing, lifting), dynamically rendering components with functional methods like map.
- Customized #100DaysOfCode resources e.g.(hello world story, tightened up readme, resources, and log).

Next steps:
- Spruce up GitHub README.md
- Finalize best practices doc
- Review [MDN's JS refresher](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript) and wrestle with examples in node to firm up fundamentals

### Journal

Seung was right, the React docs are great. Excited to dive into the TypeScript docs at his recommendation too. Generally, feeling good and looking forward to putting more hours into this challenge. It feels a bit slow to start since I'm parsing through the intro stuff, but that's par for the course - gotta start somewhere!


**Link(s) to work:** ['Hello World' - My #100DaysOfCode Story](https://github.com/alexownejazayeri/100-days-of-code/blob/master/hello-world.md)

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d0](https://twitter.com/alexjazayeri/status/1498935032336973824?s=20&t=fnMCXFMjjcgMvCgOBG2rFQ)

### Daily Commitments
- [x] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [x] update daily log 
- [x] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [x] push work to github
- [x] post to
  - [x] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [x] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [x] engaged with ≥2 challengers
___

## Day 1: 02 March 22

### Daily Log

- Rejigged 100-days-of-code repo for cleanliness; added subdirectories to organize daily logs and project work
- Spruced up my Github README.md; inspired by [Thai Braga](https://github.com/Thaiane/Thaiane).
- Solved problems on Edabit
  - Reviewed: Builtin Date object, modular arithmetic, truthiness with '!!'

Next steps:
- Refactor old FreeCodeCamp React projects
- Review the intro tutorial and parse for best practices - make a markdown doc with my own examples to firm up knowledge



### Journal

I felt pretty good today, but realized I spent almost all my time "sprucing" and not as much time writing JS & React as intended. If I'm being honest, was torn between whether or not I was bikeshedding or getting valuable experience with markdown. 

Spent most of my time revising the README.md and hello-world.md the last couple days. Even more honesty: I think I'm spending too much time trying to stand out with personality (the marketer in me) to make up for not having enough "good" code and projects.

That said, I feel good about the new repo organization with subdirectories for daily log and projects. Got a bit of JavaScript in on Edabit before wrapping up -- excited to dig into the meaty goals tomorrow now that all the "personality" is in place. The value in doing all this was to take ownership of my story and -- in full open source spirit -- live through this experience as transparently as possible for others who want to learn.

That's enough feelings for now I guess. Tomorrow's a new day!

**Link(s) to work:** 
- [GitHub README.md](https://github.com/alexownejazayeri/100-days-of-code/blob/master/hello-world.md)
- [React Tutorial](https://github.com/alexownejazayeri/100-days-of-code/tree/master/projects/react-sandbox/intro-to-react)
- [Tutorial Notes & Best Practice WIP](https://github.com/alexownejazayeri/100-days-of-code/blob/master/projects/react-sandbox/best-practices.md)

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d1](https://twitter.com/alexjazayeri/status/1498893834469580800?s=20&t=FzzurS4rB8T2OGRmQ8j8tg)

### Daily Commitments
- [x] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [x] update daily log 
- [x] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [x] push work to github
- [x] post to
  - [x] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [x] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [x] engaged with ≥2 challengers

___

## Day 2: 03 March 22

### Daily Log

- Spent time reviewing JS basics i.e.(var, let, const -- scoping, redeclaration, and reassignment)
- Added React intro tutorial and work in progress notes to repo

Next steps:
- Refactor old FreeCodeCamp React projects
- Complete, review, and revise React 'best practices' log
- Review MDN's JS refresher and play with example in node to review

### Journal

Today wasn't as productive as I wanted it to be. Worked an 8-hour shift and had friends visiting from out of town, so minimal time between work and commuting to Oakland to get any coding done. My girlfriend is leaving for a month, so tonight was a short 20-minute sprint to play with var, let, and const via node in my terminal.

Feeling confident about the differences in scope, declaration, and assignment. Going to make up for lost time tonight tomorrow by doubling my time and then it's time to hold steady to the challenge! I really want to grow as quickly as possible to nail down a gig and do what I love for a living. This dream gets more motivating with each day in the challenge -- been having a blast, but maybe that's because I haven't dived in and really struggled with a challenging problem yet.

Note for future days. 

**Link(s) to work:** 
- [Variable Declaration Practice]()

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d2]()

### Daily Commitments
- [ ] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [x] update daily log 
- [x] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [ ] push work to github
- [ ] post to
  - [ ] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [x] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [x] engaged with ≥2 challengers

___

## Day 3: 04 March 22

### Daily Log

- 

Next steps:
- 

### Journal

 

**Link(s) to work:** 
- [React Tutorial & Best Practices](update later)

**Link to Tweet:** [@alexjazayeri d1](https://twitter.com/alexjazayeri/status/1498893834469580800?s=20&t=FzzurS4rB8T2OGRmQ8j8tg)

### Daily Commitments
- [ ] hacked on projects for ≥1hr 👾
- [ ] update daily log 
- [ ] update journal - important! share feelings 🌈
- [ ] push work to github
- [ ] post to
  - [ ] twitter using #100DaysOfCode (w/ link to repo or commit)
  - [ ] fcc discord
  - [ ] linkedin in (starts day 30)
- [ ] engaged with ≥2 challengers
